remove remains of sgx and update reproducibility doc (#246)
microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger: docs/reproducibility.md

- The ledger certificate. It might be distributed in a variety of ways by the ledger operator, please follow their guidance. Otherwise it is accessible at `https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/parameters`.

- The quote of a running application code, get it from `https://<LEDGER-URL>/node/quotes/self` (replace <LEDGER-URL> with the URL of your ledger), e.g.:

    ```sh
    $ curl -s --cacert cacert.pem https://<LEDGER-URL>/node/quotes/self > node-quote.json
    ```
- Source code version which was used to build the application, usually found in `https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/version`. If `app/version` is ambiguous then check the build logs of the Docker image to understand which commit produced the candidate value. e.g., `fb2c496416fbab20837fedda0ba6db58d819fa5f5c1b3916062eb2fb9d889966` was built from `fd77c0c69ee890bdc2fcf6ef0c9dddb7b211e164`.

    ```sh
    $ curl -s --cacert cacert.pem https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/version | jq ".scitt_version"
    "1.2.3"
    ```

### Extract measurements

> The quote contains the attestation report that has the necessary measurements. `Measurement` will have the launch measurement of the guest virtual machine (aka utility VM or UVM) which was used to run the container. `Host data` will have the security policy measurement which was used to make sure no other container was launched except the one you are inspecting, it will contain container image layer hashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quote contains the attestation report that has the necessary measurements. `Measurement` will have the launch measurement of the guest virtual machine (aka utility VM or UVM) which was used to run the container. `Host data` will have the security policy measurement which was used to make sure no other container was launched except the one you are inspecting. More detail on implementing relying party logic can be [found here](https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64).
```

Author: updated

- Decode the report and save it to a file:

    ```sh
    cat node-quote.json | jq -r '.raw' | base64 -d > snp-report.bin
    ```

- Inspect the report to get the measurements. You could use https://github.com/virtee/snpguest to display the report details:

    ```sh
    snpguest display report snp-report.bin
    ```

## Reproduce measurements

### Guest VM

> The details of how to reproduce the Guest VM are not ready yet. The source code will be open sourced at some point and it will be possible to build from it to reproduce the `measurement` in the report. It will make sure that the security policy enforcement logic is as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guest VM measurements can be authenticated using [platform endorsements](https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64).
```

Author: I'll work around it as users do not have access to `reference-info-base64` but `uvm_endorsements` in the quote

- The ledger certificate. It might be distributed in a variety of ways by the ledger operator, please follow their guidance. Otherwise it is accessible at `https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/parameters`.

- The quote of a running application code, get it from `https://<LEDGER-URL>/node/quotes/self` (replace <LEDGER-URL> with the URL of your ledger), e.g.:

    ```sh
    $ curl -s --cacert cacert.pem https://<LEDGER-URL>/node/quotes/self > node-quote.json
    ```
- Source code version which was used to build the application, usually found in `https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/version`. If `app/version` is ambiguous then check the build logs of the Docker image to understand which commit produced the candidate value. e.g., `fb2c496416fbab20837fedda0ba6db58d819fa5f5c1b3916062eb2fb9d889966` was built from `fd77c0c69ee890bdc2fcf6ef0c9dddb7b211e164`.

    ```sh
    $ curl -s --cacert cacert.pem https://<LEDGER-URL>/app/version | jq ".scitt_version"
    "1.2.3"
    ```

### Extract measurements

> The quote contains the attestation report that has the necessary measurements. `Measurement` will have the launch measurement of the guest virtual machine (aka utility VM or UVM) which was used to run the container. `Host data` will have the security policy measurement which was used to make sure no other container was launched except the one you are inspecting, it will contain container image layer hashes.

Reviewer: Security policies do not necessarily contain image layer digests, they may contain fragment descriptors instead, so we probably want to be a little more generic here.

Author: Please suggest the text change

Author: simplified

- Decode the report and save it to a file:

    ```sh
    cat node-quote.json | jq -r '.raw' | base64 -d > snp-report.bin
    ```

- Inspect the report to get the measurements. You could use https://github.com/virtee/snpguest to display the report details:

    ```sh
    snpguest display report snp-report.bin
    ```

## Reproduce measurements

### Guest VM

> The details of how to reproduce the Guest VM are not ready yet. The source code will be open sourced at some point and it will be possible to build from it to reproduce the `measurement` in the report. It will make sure that the security policy enforcement logic is as expected.

Reviewer: I recommend against making forward-looking statements in the documentation, even when they seem reasonable (as is the case here), describing exactly what exists today is best, and it can be updated when changes take place.

Author: Please suggest an alternative as otherwise we'll just go back and forth

Author: simplified

### Security policy and container image

`Host data` contains the hash of the security policy, so we should be able to:

> - (TODO) build the docker image and create the same policy from it, or

Reviewer 2: This is not possible without the pod yaml or exact deployment configurations, which are not open source.

> - (TODO) download the policy using the HTTP API, once it is available

Reviewer 2: The plain text policy is already available in the CCF SNP host data (it is an optional value and can be left empty, but we will always add it during code upgrades).

Author: I do not understand what do you mean, are you saying anyone can download it to compare the policy hash that exist in the report to the hash of the plain text policy?

Author: removed the suggestions

Reviewer 2: The policy hash and the plain text policy accepted by a CCF instance can be retrieved from the CCF endpoint `/gov/kv/nodes/snp/host_data`, which contains a map {policy_hash -> policy_text} of security policies that are allowed by the service. The policy hash can be compared to the one in the SNP report produced locally, while from the plain text policy it is possible to extract the container image layers that can be verified to match a locally-built image.

> - (TODO) download the policy using the HTTP API, once it is available

Reviewer 2: I would honestly just remove this part as it contains confusing information. We can populate it once we agree on the exact policy reproducibility steps on SNP.
